Geki-rare (Extremely Rare) Unreleased Talk!
First, Hinatazaka46 member Kato Shiho will talk about
what she wants to do with Wakabayashi-san after graduating from the group!
Kato-san! It's your first time on this show!
Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, too!
Kato-san, you're been doing another show
with Wakabayashi-san for some time.
Yes, that's right.
What kind of relationship do you have?
Relationship?
We're doing a late-night Hinatazaka46 show together!
I like him!
I respect him as a person.
After I graduate, I definitely want to go
to Disneyland with him.
Can you really just say that
in front of the camera?
You'll get in trouble!
If I say it publicly first, it might not be seen as a bad thing!
But I don't want to go to Disneyland! -That's terrible!
It'll start all sorts of bad rumors!
So sad to hear that! It's one of my dreams.
I really respect him, but
it might not have been conveyed.
Wakabayashi-san wouldn't
just believe what I say.
But I've been saying it for years now,
so you believe me, don't you?
I still think it's suspicious!
You never told me specifically why you respect me!
Still, I'm grateful.
I'm sad.
You admire him?
I really like him as a person.
Thank you for that.
It's rare to like an entertainer as a person!
That's right.
I don't get told that much.
You're a diabolical man!
You're diabolical!
It's strange that you laugh while saying that!
If you're serious.
Because this is the Geki-rare version of Wakabayashi-san.
That's right.
Usually we work with a group of women, about 30 people.
While recording that show, he always seems burdened.
I always feel a little darkness from when he enters.
But today, he seemed so bright outside the studio.
I was surprised.
Well, that's the difference between a midnight TV Tokyo and prime-time TV Asahi show!
I'm sorry! -That's the truth!
I'm sorry...
That's the truth. I'm even on the poster!
You're just being realistic!
Next...
Wakabayashi-san told us his love stories!
No way!
Wakabayashi-san told Hinatazaka his love stories?!
By the way, Kato, have you ever had a rare experience?
I have. This is also a story about Wakabayashi-san.
I have a bad feeling about this...
Hinatazaka members and Audrey-san went for dinner together.
In private?
Yes. It's private, isn't it?
It was during a location shooting in Miyazaki!
It's strange to call it a private dinner!
There was a rare incident at that time.
Wakabayashi-san told us his love stories!
No way!
It's very rare, isn't it?
No, no...
They interrogated me for love stories!
They asked me tell those stories...
and then they said in other TV shows that
I told them love stories at a dinner party!
I was embarrassed!
That's cute!
An older comedian telling twenty-something idols his love stories...
What's the point of that?!
I didn't know you feel that way! I won't talk about it anymore. -Yes, please stop!
I'll keep it a secret! -Please do.
Also, while we sat around him, Wakabayashi-san stood in the middle.
And as he spun around, we checked his skeletal structure.
That was another rare experience!
No, no, I was forced to do it!
Apparently, idols and models often do skeletal structure evaluation.
That's right.
They asked me to stand up and walk around
to examine my skeletal structure.
They made me do the walking in the middle of an izakaya!
Then they told everyone that I suddenly demonstrated my walking!
It's a scary group!
It was a long time ago.
I think we got along better now.
I want to dig deeper into your past love life. Let's do it again!
I'll never talk about that again!
It's a good relationship!
You're like their homeroom teacher.
The guy everybody teases.
From now on, I'll only talk about the ratings of the program!
That's scary!
That hurts...
Also this week...
The president of ORDERSUITSADA, who wears bespoke suits while doing reckless challenges, appears!
For Director Sada, who is always swayed by his subordinates' recklessness...
Wakabayashi and Kato-san will also propose reckless challenges!
By the way, as you can see, it's getting heated up.
Let's come up with unthinkable ideas!
He even went abroad and climbed mountains.
What would be interesting to do in a suit?
What about being tied up and dragged by a horse?
Are we in the Edo period?
Like a cowboy!
Go to Texas and get dragged by a horse there!
Then get up and say, "I'm going to a meeting after this!
Even after being dragged around, no problem!"
So strange!
What about cheer dance?
Cheer dance?
Cheer dance is surprisingly hard.
It needs a lot of physical strength and
leg movements, so it's pretty hard.
It might be great to take on cheer dance!
Thank you for the new ideas!
It might be good to try a new direction.
Yes, a cuter direction!
I want to see Sada-san dancing!
I will consider it.
Thank you!